Customers' information gathered from social media is the main data set used in this report. This dataset provides a detailed description of whether the client has purchased an item from the advertising company displayed on social media. Every consumer who bought a commodity is assigned the category of 1, while the others are given the number 0. Their age and salary are independent variables.
This experiment exhibits the application of Decision trees and Logistic regression and compares the outcomes to assess the efficiency of both models

The Second Experiemnt deals with Pulsar and non-pulsar dataset:
The objective is to create a model that can predict pulsar stars and non-pulsar stars. Candidates are now automatically labeled therefore supervised learning algorithms to classify elements based on their features are used. When examining data, aggregation and visualization draw attention to any outliers and biases. Data munging and pre-processing are used to get the data ready for machine learning models after understanding the original dataset. The significance of the data for the prediction will be weighed in the classifier columns. The target class column is the prediction of the outcomes of the pulsar star and non-pulsar star. The binary 0 or 1 result data in the target class field. A value of 0 indicates that it is “non-pulsar star” and 1 is “ pulsar star.”
Type 1 and Type 2 errors: Type 1 errors are referred to as false positives. This implies that the non-pulsar stars are projected to be pulsar stars, while Type 2 errors are known as false negatives, pulsar stars are predicted as 0 (non-pulsar). The dataset contains less than 2000 classes of pulsar stars and 16000 classes of non-pulsar stars. (figure 1). Most of the dataset has been categorized as 0. A classification model can easily predict non-pulsar stars while predicting pulsar stars is challenging. Thus, the model’s performance is evaluated on basis of reduced error in false negative.

The Magic project deals with:
The data are MC generated (see below) to simulate registration of high energy gamma particles in a ground-based atmospheric Cherenkov gamma telescope using the imaging technique. Cherenkov gamma telescope observes high energy gamma rays, taking advantage of the radiation emitted by charged particles produced inside the electromagnetic showers initiated by the gammas, and developing in the atmosphere. This Cherenkov radiation (of visible to UV wavelengths) leaks through the atmosphere and gets recorded in the detector, allowing reconstruction of the shower parameters. The available information consists of pulses left by the incoming Cherenkov photons on the photomultiplier tubes, arranged in a plane, the camera. Depending on the energy of the primary gamma, a total of few hundreds to some 10000 Cherenkov photons get collected, in patterns (called the shower image), allowing to discriminate statistically those caused by primary gammas (signal) from the images of hadronic showers initiated by cosmic rays in the upper atmosphere (background).

Typically, the image of a shower after some pre-processing is an elongated cluster. Its long axis is oriented towards the camera center if the shower axis is parallel to the telescope's optical axis, i.e. if the telescope axis is directed towards a point source. A principal component analysis is performed in the camera plane, which results in a correlation axis and defines an ellipse. If the depositions were distributed as a bivariate Gaussian, this would be an equidensity ellipse. The characteristic parameters of this ellipse (often called Hillas parameters) are among the image parameters that can be used for discrimination. The energy depositions are typically asymmetric along the major axis, and this asymmetry can also be used in discrimination. There are, in addition, further discriminating characteristics, like the extent of the cluster in the image plane, or the total sum of depositions.

The data set was generated by a Monte Carlo program, Corsika, described in: D. Heck et al., CORSIKA, A Monte Carlo code to simulate extensive air showers, Forschungszentrum Karlsruhe FZKA 6019 (1998).
